docs: update JSON-RPC migration timeline (#27347)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/develop/accessing-data/json-rpc-migration.mdx

<ImportContent source="json-rpc-deprecation" mode="snippet" />

JSON-RPC is deprecated and is being decommissioned on the following timeline:

| Milestone | Target date |
| --- | --- |
| Disable JSON-RPC on Sui Foundation's mainnet full nodes | Week of August 27, 2026 |
| Sui Foundation stops publishing JSON-RPC snapshots for full nodes | End of August 2026 |
| Implicit fallback from JSON-RPC to archival service disconnected | End of September 2026 |
| Full decommission of JSON-RPC from full nodes, including code removal | Mid-October 2026 |

> The two replacements are [gRPC](/develop/accessing-data/grpc) for full node access and transaction execution, and [GraphQL RPC](/develop/accessing-data/graphql/graphql-rpc) for indexed, filterable reads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The two replacements are [gRPC](/develop/accessing-data/grpc) for real-time full node access, archival service access and transaction execution, and [GraphQL RPC](/develop/accessing-data/graphql/graphql-rpc) for rich, structured queries over live and historical blockchain data.
```
